feat(server-islands): only encode ETAGO delimiter (#11513)
withastro/astro: .changeset/fifty-socks-end.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Updates the server islands encoding logic to only escape the script tag ETAGO delimiter and opening HTML comment syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the server islands encoding logic to only escape the script end tag open delimiter and opening HTML comment syntax
```
Make the changeset clearer
